Calibration procedure for NXP IMU onboard PEARL:

The calibration process is controlled through the RC system
Full motor control with the sticks is still enabled. The 
auxiliary switches are now bound to the following commands:
  SWA: switch between forward and reverse thrust (same as normal
       frontseat sketch)
  SWB: write the newly obtained calibration to the Arduino memory
  SWC: three-way switch to select the sensor to calibrate
       Up = Accelerometer, Middle = Gyroscope, Down = Magnetometer
  SWD: Enter calibration mode for the selected sensor


1. Upload the PEARL_imu_calibration sketch to the Arduino frontseat

2. Turn on RC transmitter and open serial monitor in Arduino IDE

3. Select sensor to calibrate using SWC switch

For the ACCELEROMETER/GYROSCOPE:
4. Flip SWD switch down to enter calibration mode. The IMU should be 
   as still as possible to calibrate these sensors.

   The serial monitor will display the uncalibrated XYZ values, the
   calibrated XYZ values, and whether the calibration is good enough
   to be written.

5. Once satisfied with calibrated values, cycle the SWB switch to
   write the new calibration to the Arduino memory.

   The serial monitor will now display the newly calibrated XYZ values.

   ***If you want to redo the calibration, just cycle the SWD
      switch to exit and re-enter calibration mode

6. If satisfied with calibration, flip SWD switch up to exit calibration
   mode

   ***If you exit calibration mode without writing a new calibration,
      the original calibration will be rewritten to the Arduino.

For the MAGNETOMETER (this calibration requires PEARL to be rotated in place):
4. Flip SWD switch down to enter calibration mode.

5. Close the serial monitor in the Arduino IDE and run the MagCalPlot.py
   python script. A plot will be generated and data points should start
   appearing.

6. Start rotating the platform. This can either be done by hand or with
   the motors (keep the thrust to a minimum if using motors). The platform
   should be rotated through 2-3 revolutions. Direction and speed of 
   rotation does not matter. 

7. After completing a full rotation, the plot will show a solid circle and 
   two solid lines representing the uncalibrated magnetometer readings, and
   a dashed circle and two dashed lines representing the calibrated
   magnetometer readings. The calibrated circle and lines should be centered
   at the origin for a good calibration. 

8. After completing the rotations, note the X, Y, and Z offsets labeled
   at the top right of the plot. Add these offsets to the beginning of 
   the PEARL_imu_calibration sketch as MAG_CAL_X, MAG_CAL_Y, and MAG_CAL_Z, 
   respectively. Stop the python script.

9. Reupload the PEARL_imu_calibration sketch to the Arduino and cycle the 
   SWB switch to write the new calibration to the Arduino memory

   ***If you want to redo the calibration, just restart MagCalPlot.py and 
      repeat steps 6-9

10. If satisfied with calibration, flip SWD switch up to exit calibration
   mode

   ***If you exit calibration mode without writing a new calibration,
      the original calibration will be rewritten to the Arduino.


